we're after hippo sweat to be successful
I'm going to need a lot of skill
patience and most importantly luck if
I'm literally going to enter the world
of the hippo
what's so special about the sweat it's
an absolutely brilliant sunscreen and
sunblock it's also an antiseptics
all-in-one product or check this out
they're gonna fight you can actually see
this this sweat oozing from their their
bodies on certain individuals what's red
I'm going to attempt to get close enough
in my hippo decoy to extend a long pole
with a scraper on the end and run it
down the back of a hippo I just have to
get this close scraping Shh good yep
then bring it back right here he's
coming putting down serious so seriously
seriously seriously seriously seriously
how's that for realism if we're trying
to get the hippo in position and this
elephant charged
I'm gonna get me inside the suit and
approach them with a little luck maybe
we'll get her so let's have
I'm getting closer slowly but surely
made a critical error
I veered into the water and now I've got
the hippo decoy stuck in the mud the
front legs are like
Samantha can't move them
on the way so what that's like a notch
in the mouth
man
if that's not intimidating I don't know
what is I got 40 impose right outside me
they're just itching to get out of the
water and into the zamana
want to broach it me right straight on
I can't do it anymore awesome community